ko: release 2.0.0 docs (#2852)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/operator/migrate/migrate-kic-to-ko.md

   kubectl get deploy -n ${NAMESPACE} kong-controller -o jsonpath="{.spec.template.spec.containers[?(@.name=='ingress-controller')].image}"
   kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller:3.5.0
   ```

   This guide assumes that you're running the latest version of {{ site.kic_product_name }} ({{ site.data.kic_latest.release }}).

   If you're not running {{ site.data.kic_latest.release }}, please upgrade before proceeding.

1. Can **Access the Kubernetes cluster** with admin privileges

1. **Verify cert-manager is installed** (recommended for webhooks certificate management):

   {:.info}
   > **Note**: {{ site.operator_product_name }} 2.0.0 uses webhooks that require TLS certificates managed by cert-manager. If cert-manager is not installed, follow the [cert-manager installation guide](https://cert-manager.io/docs/installation/) before proceeding. If you do not use cert-manager, the Helm chart will install certificates for you and you will be responsible for managing their lifecycle.

## Migrate to {{ site.operator_product_name }} 2.0.0

   {:.warning}
   > **Important**: This process involves down time. Plan your migration accordingly.

> The migration process requires several manual steps due to breaking changes in certificate management and CRD structure. We recommend a blue / green cutover of your Gateways, which are detailed in the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The migration process requires several manual steps due to breaking changes in certificate management and CRD structure. We recommend a blue / green cut-over of your Gateways, which are detailed in the following steps:
```
